Minecraft is a game whos ethos is one of creativety. The player is dropped into a procedurally generated voxel world, and (within the "Survival" difficulty) has to build their world block by block. However, what if the user wanted to try and automate their work? <br><br>

There have been MANY mods/modpacks that attempt to grant the player the ability of automation. Through modpacks that combine Mekanism, IndustrialCraft, NuclearCraft, Applied Energistics 2, and to more recent releases like the pseudo-recently (to me, I've been stuck in 1.12.2 modded) popularized Create. All these mods work towards giving the player are Survival-centric ability to automate their worlds.<br><br>

But one of the best mods that has ever released for the game isnt one that came out recently, but back in 2011. Since its release, it has been getting community supported updates and reimplementations that allow the mod to work in the most recent releases of the game. This mod is ComputerCraft. <br><br>

The ComputerCraft I will be reviewing today is the reimplementation into 1.20.1, "ComputerCraft: Tweaked". This mods premise is extremely simple and is explained almost entirely within the name. The user is given the ability to make computers that hold their own file system, config, and more. Additionally the computers hold several modules like displays, speakers, and the ability to handle logistics between different forms of storage, and web based interface between other computers, real life servers, and Minecrafts vanilla redstone system. All this allows CC Computers to be one of the most powerful tool in a players arsenal. <br><br>

However, that isn't what I want to talk about today. One of the other powerful blocks CC introduces is their own robot system dubbed the "Turtle". Turtles can do everything that computers can do but in a mobile body that can actually interact with the world. They can move around, break blocks, place blocks, and even craft. Now to keep it balanced they do have several downsides. They are slow, blind to everything that isnt directly in front, above, or below them (rules apply with interactions), they require coal to move, and are entirely blind to their position in world space (although this can be mitigated with CC: Tweaks built in GPS solution that requires 4 computers and a bit of trig to handle XYZ finding). <br><br>

Now although with those downsides, these bots can handle some serious stuff. One of the first things I did when I crafted a turtle in my recent 2 week phase with friends was programmed a quarry. I luckily already spent two days straight learning CC with my banking project. Now I am currently working on a shopping system with bots handling the logistics. Hell, why not just *show* you what they are capable of! <br><br>

The image here showcases 